[doc] Add instructions about how to use SSL/TLS for redis connection. (#652)
ray-project/kuberay: docs/guidance/gcs-ft.md

An example can be found at [ray-cluster.external-redis.yaml](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/master/ray-operator/config/samples/ray-cluster.external-redis.yaml)

> To use SSL/TLS in the connection, the following environment variables are needed:
> 
> - `RAY_REDIS_CA_CERT` The location of the CA certificate (optional)
> - `RAY_REDIS_CA_PATH` Path of trusted certificates (optional)
> - `RAY_REDIS_CLIENT_CERT` File name of client certificate file (optional)
> - `RAY_REDIS_CLIENT_KEY` File name of client private key (optional)
> - `RAY_REDIS_SERVER_NAME` Server name to request (SNI) (optional)
> 
> Besides, `rediss://` should be added as the prefix of the redis address. Ray 2.2 is needed for this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use SSL/TLS in the connection, you add `rediss://` as the prefix of the redis address instead of the `redis://` prefix. This feature is only available in Ray 2.2 and above.

You can also specify additional environment variables in the head pod to customize the SSL configuration:

- `RAY_REDIS_CA_CERT` The location of the CA certificate (optional)
- `RAY_REDIS_CA_PATH` Path of trusted certificates (optional)
- `RAY_REDIS_CLIENT_CERT` File name of client certificate file (optional)
- `RAY_REDIS_CLIENT_KEY` File name of client private key (optional)
- `RAY_REDIS_SERVER_NAME` Server name to request (SNI) (optional)

```
